you
china it's ancient
china is perpetually here
it is a place of tremendous natural
beauty and a place well known for its
diverse and dynamic I love China I've
been to China 28 times and I still love
coming back every time it's just such a
diverse country it's not one world it's
many worlds you've got Shin Jang
Autonomous Region you've got agency on
yep terracotta soldiers great while you
get everything fantastic
people are so friendly it's just beyond
my
pression I could ever make fun the
children the Hogan are adorable I've
never seen anything like it they all
they always say hello China's sprawling
sophisticated cities fascinating age-old
customs incredible sense of history and
gorgeous sites will quench the soul of
even the most travel thirsty Explorer
see the mighty Yangtze in the most
comfortable and relaxing way aboard
Victoria cruises take an interior
passage through the heart of China let
us Yanks ease preeminent Cruise Line
accompany you sailing through the cradle
of Chinese civilization
journeying between chong ching and
shanghai the itinerary offers a window
into the spirit and soul of china its
heartland and its people exotic and
exciting adventure in home like comfort
with us Victoria cruises Victoria
cruises operate the largest 5 star
fleets on the Yangtze River sustaining
international standards of quality and
comfort
most online five-star hotel facilities
you can certainly expect to find here
with us
indulge
currently in a Victoria Katarina as the
flagship of the Victoria Cruises fleet
right now we have six ships on the river
and Victoria Katarina which I've had the
privilege of serving for almost a year
now is the largest of the bunch and many
people say the most comfortable
this is a real West meets East kind of
environment we are serving primarily
western guests here on the Victoria
cruises we have people from all over the
world obviously our staff has Chinese
except for a few Western managers like
myself that we have with the company and
this west beast beast kind of
environment manifests itself in everyday
life here on the ship apart from the
5-star facilities we are even more proud
of our five-star victorious service
throughout the cruise trip the obvious
is by and large as you and relax China
has one of the world's great culinary
traditions with the fusion of east meets
west dishes you can experience the joys
of Chinese cuisine expertly prepared
with the highest quality fresh and
breathe
in our Victoria boutique there is a wide
variety of Chinese gifts and victoria
kruz souvenirs for sale when you pick
and choose for your family friends and
perhaps your home collection please
don't forget to get something that you
might find useful for the occasion
display any special talents you may have
together with our crew in our cabaret
show night
starting from the year two thousand five
we start offering three carefully
designed cruising itineraries all
passing through the spectacular three
gorgeous three gorges highlights this
remains a popular favorite among
travelers the opportunity to sail
through the burden three gorges and
visit the three gorges dam an
engineering marvel will leave you an
unforgettable screws memory three gorges
Explorer it is designed for those
wishing an in-depth view of the three
gorges region the round trip takes
travelers to different shore excursions
in each direction with spectacular views
of the scenery grand enc discovery we
will continue to offer our grand yancey
discovery cruise it adds the interesting
and shifting sites from the middle and
lower reach of the ANSI journeying
between chongqing and shanghai this
itinerary offers a window into the soul
and spirit of China it's heartland and
its people
to book such a once in your lifetime
trip you need only to see your travel
agent who often can recommend a tour
operator by virtue of a tour operators
volume purchasing power they can offer a
complete package to which is easy to
book and affordable you can also simply
call Victoria at one eight hundred 3488
084 or 12 12 818 1680 you may also want
to log on to our website at triple w
victoria cruises calm
I love China I've been to China 28 times
and I still love coming back every time
and it's just such a diverse country
it's not one world its many worlds
you've got the Shin Jang Autonomous
Region you've got Beijing she young get
terracotta soldiers great while you get
everything it's fantastical wise men say
Only Fools racine but I can't help
falling in love is China when the river
flows surely to the sea darling so it
goes Katerina's or schiphol me take my
hand take my whole heart to or I can
help falling in love with China